ISPN-13277 Log exceptions for IRAC (#9649)
infinispan/infinispan: documentation/src/main/asciidoc/topics/upgrading.adoc

= Upgrading from 13.0 to 14.0

== Cross Site Replication

=== Asynchronous backup strategy logging

> By default,  asynchronous backup strategy starts to logging exceptions received from remote sites.
> To go back to the old behaviour, set the `failure-policy="IGNORE"`, like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the asynchronous backup strategy logs exceptions that occur on remote sites.
To disable exceptions from backup locations and log exceptions for the local site only, set `failure-policy="IGNORE"` in your configuration as follows:
```

Author: @oraNod actually, `and log exceptions for the local site only` do not make much sense since we don't cross-site replicate to itself.

Reviewer: @pruivo That makes sense. I made some edits to the suggestion.
